Enable creating patch releases (#19467)
openxla/iree: docs/website/docs/developers/general/release-management.md

3. Complete any remaining checkbox items on the release tracking issue then
   close it and open a new one for the next release.

## Creating a patch release

1. Create a new branch.

    Checkout the corresponding stable release and create a branch for the patch release:

    ```shell
    git checkout iree-3.0.0
    git checkout -b iree-3.0.1
    ```

2. Apply and commit the patches.

3. Set the patch level:

    * Adjust `compiler/version.json` if patches are applied to the compiler.

    * Adjust `runtime/version.json` if patches are applied to the runtime.

4. Push all changes to the new branch.

> 5. Run the _Oneshot candidate release_ workflow to create a release.

Reviewer: Link to the workflow page

```suggestion
5. Trigger the
    [_Oneshot candidate release_ workflow](https://github.com/iree-org/iree/actions/workflows/oneshot_candidate_release.yml)
    to create a release.
```
